CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

    The title of my program is passwords_manager.py

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

    My program will solve password chaos (multiple logins, forgotten passwords),
    and will teach good habits like password generation and storage.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

    I will learn encryption and improve my skills on file handling.
    Also, I will improve my skills on Object-Oriented-Programming (OOP),
    a concept I learnt from my personal Python programming studies and 
    practices during the last vacation, and which I have been eager to use in 
    real world problem solving projects.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    My program will use cryptography module for encryption, os (for 
    file, key managemnet), and the generate_password function from passwords.py program

5. List the names of functions you will need?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    I will need functions like save_to_file (creates and saves the password to a file), 
    load_from_file (loads the passwords file when the user runs the program), 
    add_password function, delete_password function, etc.

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
    Some of the test functions I will write are, test_encrypt_decrypt, test_add_password
    test_save_to_file, test_load_from_file, test_delete_password